[Tom] There's the Big Dipper,
there's Pisces,
and there is Orion's Belt.
Why is it that the only constellation
I can ever find
is Party the Space Bear?
[♪ funky bass]
[Ben] Agh!
-Ben, stop working and admire the sky.
-I don't have time for that!
I need to perfect my Listen-O-Scope
so I can make the science world forget
all my recent embarrassments.
What embarrassments?
Buddy, your last few ideas were great.
[Tom] The Half-Body Transporter,
the Food-Molder.
-[punch, bell]
-The Shadow-That-Can-Fight-You...
Hm. OK, yeah,
maybe they were embarrassments.
But that's about to change!
-Imagine a telescope for your ears!
-[Angela] Oh, neat!
I think. Is that neat?
It better be! I can't stay in this slump.
If this invention is another dud,
I'm quitting science.
-[all gasp]
-No!
Come on, space. Bring the noise.
Let's go! Show me something cool!
-[beeping]
-Don't make me beg! Ooh.
[Ben] Ooh!
Fine, I'm begging!
Leave me alone with my failure.
That's it, the end of my career.
I am the worst inventor of all time.
[sniffles]
I don't want to look at any stars,
not after what they did to Ben!
[beeping, whirring]
-Hello! Can you hear me?
-[gasps]
I am contacting you from space...
outer space!
Oh! Ha-ha!
I am the best inventor of all time!
♪ Wa-oah! ♪
[yawns] Ben, before you quit science,
I want you to know that I believe
you'll have a good invention again.
You mean like the Listen-O-Scope?
No. They'll laugh at you for that one,
but you'll bounce back!
Laugh, you say? Ha-ha-ha-ha!
-Uh...
-Once they meet Allen,
they'll be too busy praising my brilliance
to laugh.
-Then I'll be the one who's laughing!
-Wait, who's Allen?
Allen is the alien
I befriended last night.
I bring you greetings
from the planet... space.
That thing works? That's incredible!
And we can understand each other because
Allen is using a universal translator.
Bingo! Otherwise
all you would hear me saying is...
[gibberish]
Just chatting with an alien.
I should bet they will make
a statue of me, you know.
This is the biggest scientific advancement
since the wheel!
I come from a planet
where all wheels are square.
I'm sorry I doubted you.
This is amazing, Ben.
I forgive you, Tom.
If genius were easy, everyone would do it.
-Ginger!
-Put this alien deflector on!
Cause we're at Alien Invasion Alert 6!
You're worried about Ben's alien?
We just kicked it. He's cool.
Oh, you think he's cool?
Well that changes...
nothing - because he's obviously evil
and trying to take over the world,
like in every alien TV show
and movie ever!
[nervous laugh] Ben wouldn't let that
happen. He's careful with his science.
Was he "careful" that day
he turned the toilet into a time portal?
Aagh!
You got a point there.
I'm so glad I found you, Allen.
This Listen-O-Scope was my last chance
for scientific redemption.
Well, you did it, buddy.
Everyone on my planet thinks you're great.
Everyone? Wow! No one ever agrees
on anything on this planet.
That's why we could never make
a planetary defense system!
-Really? That's good to know.
-We could never fight off an invasion.
Why, I can list at least four ways
to take over this planet!
-It's a good thing you're friendly.
-Uh... Do you have any more tinfoil?
Tom, on his planet,
they wear glasses so they can see worse!
-It's incredible.
-[door slams]
Ben, we're worried
your science is out of control.
Don't be too hard on him.
This could have happened to any of us.
-You're putting the world in danger.
-So let's break this thing!
I call first smash!
Stop! You don't know
what you're talking about.
With this Listen-O-Scope,
I can bring alien technology to Earth.
Then all the scientists
will have to respect me,
and the world will be a better place, too.
Ben has it all figured out.
Who wants a sandwich?
-Wait, what? Alien technology?
-Aw...
Allen gave me plans for a machine.
I don't know what it does,
but he says it will be... explosive.
-Explosive?
-Mind blowing!
-Mind blowing?
-Earth-shattering!
-Don't shatter the Earth!
-Every genius deals with naysayers.
Well, naysay away!
But when the Science Statue Society
puts up a statue of me,
I'm not going to let any of you
look at it!
Don't you see? He's building a machine
to bring in an alien invasion force.
So what's our plan?
Give him the benefit of the doubt?
No. We have to stop him.
[♪ adventure theme]
Aagh!
Waah!
A local scientist claims to have
an invention that'll change the world.
-People are skeptical.
-This better be fast.
Yes, this had better not be
another classic Ben failure.
-[Xenon gasps]
-[Ben] A-hem!
Welcome, great thinkers
and simpleminded viewers at home!
Today, you all witness
the birth of a new era!
Ben, what do you have to say to every
scientist you respect and look up to?
I say to them, "Hello, distinguished
peers! It is good to be your equal."
You are all about to see something from...
beyond the stars!
Mission control here.
Tom, are you in Ben's invention?
-You have to find its master brain.
-We're looking.
When we find that master brain, we're
gonna punch it in its stupid master face.
I've got the alien costumes,
in case everything goes wrong
and we have to blend in.
Ginger, I don't see a master brain.
Look harder!
We are at Invasion Alert 7 here!
Oh, no. That's the first-most maximum
Invasion Alert there is!
Behold, my interplanetary device!
[crowd gasps in awe]
-The alien army is coming!
-Hank, we're almost out of time!
Flail your arms wildly
and maybe we'll hit something!
-I'm sorry, Tom. I can't do that.
-Huh?
This was designed
by an advanced alien mind,
so that our planet can join our friends
amongst the stars!
-Behold! The device.
-[gasps]
For my statue, I'd like this pose.
Or maybe this pose.
Um... that's a water slide.
What? No, it isn't.
Look at the way the tubes spiral
in a fun-but-also-safe corkscrew,
and end in a pit that's clearly designed
to be filled with water.
-That's definitely a water slide.
-No, it can't be!
Dude, there's a picture of a starfish
wearing sunglasses on it.
I thought that was a symbol
from an alien language, signifying a star.
[laughter]
Noooo!
-You know Ben's alien?
-I am Ben's alien.
[gasp] He's a body swapper! I knew it!
This is all a big misunderstanding.
-Which is just another word for a lie.
-[Ginger] Tom, Hank!
-Where are you?
-Hank here is about to explain.
-Right, Hank?
-Yeah. Funny story.
Ben needed a science breakthrough,
so I thought I could give him one
by pretending to be an alien.
I used all my knowledge of things
aliens say on TV - oh, it was working!
But then Ben wanted alien technology
and I don't know that stuff,
so I thought, "Well, who doesn't love
a good water slide?"
And here we are.
Looks like I really blew it, huh?
-Aw, no fair! We never have space war!
-[Tom] Ben's making a fool of himself
in front of all of the scientists
he wanted to impress.
I wish Allen was here.
He'd know just what to do. He's so smart.
That's it! Angela, bring me the suit.
[crowd laughing]
This could not have gone worse
for pathetic local inventor Ben.
-He should quit science forever.
-[rumbling]
-[rumbling, whirring]
-[Ben] Huh?
[gasp]
[♪ spacey, dramatic music]
♪ Ooo-ooo-oooh
♪ Ooo-ooh! ♪
Greetings, scientists of Earth.
I am the all-knowing alien...
Allen!
Allen, why did you trick me? Was this all
some kind of terrible space prank?
No. You built a water slide
because the Earth needs more sliding.
Earth needs more sliding, huh?
Yes! You totally didn't
embarrass yourself today.
This is my message of peace
to you all.
Slide, people of Earth!
Slide into your future!
Obviously, that's the most
ridiculous thing I've ever--
Now that I look at it, this is the most
mathematically fun slide I've ever seen.
Uh... Exactly!
What he said.
Ben, you've reached out to the stars
and brought us amusement
that is out of this world!
You truly are a genius!
-[cheering]
-Let's water party, everyone!
Yay!
Hey, yeah! Pulled it off!
You have a lot of explaining to do, Allen.
Hey, you're the one who thought
you could talk to aliens.
-Woo-hoo!
-Yeah!
[splash]